This is the resignation report
You sign Bai Fangyu
Today is a big company day.
Who allowed you to resign?
Bai Fangyu, you usually have a bad temper, forget it
Brother Tianyi just said that you are not feminine.
You quit your job on such an important day
You made it clear that you were blackmailing him
You are going too far.
Bai Fangyu, I don't expect you to be as understanding as Chacha
But don't get in trouble at this time, okay?
I really thought you couldn't make money without the company, did you?
The plaster has been written
Zhao Chennian, who wouldn't?
Jiang Tian, I can't do it if you go
This new product has always made innovations from ingredients to efficacy
And there are a lot of new ingredients to explain
Only Mr. Bai can do it in the whole company
The two ladies are still waiting
So white
Your hands are so steady
I will fulfill your meager face
What happened yesterday
It's my fault
Sister Fang Yu, this new product also has your hard work.
Do you want it to be developed too?
Bai Fangyu, I have apologized.
Don't know what's good
Today is a big day for the company.
There's a problem with the monkey, I'm not finished with you
Wait a minute.
Yesterday you kept saying that this is your company
Since there is a problem with your company
What does it have to do with me?